Add Do Not Track callout (#170)
launchdarkly/LaunchDarkly-Docs: src/content/topics/sdk/client-side/javascript/index.mdx

</CalloutDescription>
</Callout>

> <Callout intent="alert">
>   <CalloutTitle>Do Not Track and Events</CalloutTitle>
> <CalloutDescription>
> 
> The JavaScript SDK respects the Do Not Track setting when running in a browser. If a user has this setting enabled, then events will not be posted to LaunchDarkly. This affects both feature flag Insights and the ability to see the events in the Debugger.<br/><br/>
> 
> </CalloutDescription>
> </Callout>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout intent="alert">
  <CalloutTitle>Do Not Track and ad blocking software</CalloutTitle>
<CalloutDescription>

The JavaScript SDK respects the [Do Not Track events](https://www.eff.org/issues/do-not-track) header. If an end-user has Do Not Track enabled in their browser, the SDK does not send analytics events for flag evaluations or goals to events.launchdarkly.com. In addition, ad-blocking software may block analytics events from being sent. This does not impact feature flag evaluations.

</CalloutDescription>
</Callout>

```
